stocks have risen while the real economy
hemorrhages in recent months stocks have
risen with the belief that Trump's tax
cuts will bring upon renewed investment
and economic stimulus previously during
the Reagan Administration tax cuts were
introduced and soon after there was a
massive crash you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
let's get into the stock market today
the first first thing I want to mention
is what I talked about in the beginning
am I suggesting that tax cuts are
actually going to cause a crash no
absolutely not in fact the best thing
you can do for an economy is to bring
down the taxation that way in fact as we
saw during Kennedy that by reducing
taxation you will actually bring in more
tax revenue now tax revenue is at record
highs right now it continues to go up
but if you wanted it to go up even more
you would reduce
taxes seems like an interesting thing
but people will spend more money it's
just the way it is if suddenly your
income tax was lower that means at the
end of every paycheck you have a little
bit more money what are you going to do
most people the fact is they're going to
spend it perhaps perhaps they'll spend
it on the wrong things but it's better
in your pocket than theirs I assure you
now let's look at this this is the Dow
Jones going back decades and I wanted to
show you something it's going to be a
little blip on the screen here but I'll
show you another chart which is better
basically we had some stagnation during
the oil shocks era and you will see that
relatively at least based on this chart
I mean it's hard to see here but
stagnation that's what we have and then
you get a starting little runup and that
what seems to be a little blip on this
page is actually a 40% drop that's what
you'll see here and in fact I believe
what I show you is the SNP but they
usually work
together but take it for what it is
right here then obviously we have a
major runup afterwards there's no doubt
about that look at
this equities priced in the
1986 tax cuts before
crashing though earnings eventually did
surge okay so there's a couple things I
want to show you here you can see that
the tax plan was passed but of course
doesn't get implemented until you know
several months later so think of this
when you uh see finally when the
bureaucracy of the uh Trump
Administration you know the Congress has
the power of the purse they are the ones
which are going to ultimately decide if
the tax cuts happen once this does get
passed whatever it is even if it's
perhaps not what uh everyone's hoping
for if it does happen it's going to be
several months probably until it is
actually implemented so keep that in
mind as well what I would show you here
is that look at the top look at at the
bottom you are looking at a
40% decline that's the S&P 500 in
particular a 40% decline is serious
think about today what would happen 40%
decline would be a major hit you would
have companies perhaps going bankrupt
we'd have another Leman Brothers moment
40% is huge this here just shows you
that it doesn't necessarily
save the day there is a lot of factors I
mean that's not the reason
why that the stock market crashed
implementing tax cuts no no no but it
does show you that it's not necessarily
going to be the Saving Grace it is very
important they need to implement tax
cuts they need to get the economy going
again and ass surely tax cuts are
beneficial I am definitely in support of
that now not tax cuts
on you know particular sectors I mean
taxes need to be cut across the board
even on the the so-called 1% cut the
taxes there I don't care just make sure
it's on the middle class as well that's
very important that's the most important
in fact if you have to cut them all you
know right across the board fine do it
just reduce the taxation it's very
important S&P 500 PE expanded
considerably in anticipation of the
Boost to EPS earnings per share on Lower
taxes so here you see the S&P 500
trailing PE
this in anticipation of that you see it
rising and PE ratios as we've talked
about before are very very dangerous you
know up until ' 87 where you had the
whole
ltcm Scandal that occurred and this is a
very very important time in the past
that many people aren't really aware of
but I do believe that it was a uh key
moment in the financial
industry when you saw what happened the
fraud all all of the irrational
exuberance that you know coin the phrase
by Alan Green
span this was a time when people today
they don't look back at that but a lot
of what's going on today is the same
thing that happened leading up to that
crash I've read multiple books on that
crash and it was quite similar in many
ways I mean things are a lot worse now
things are even more exaggerated now so
a 40% crash I
mean I'm not saying that's what's going
to happen I'm just saying that you know
it's very very
possible let's look at this you know
student loan student debt something that
I talk about regularly it's one of the
biggest bubbles that is forming right
now the government don't worry about it
because just like Fanny May and Freddy
Mack the government will bail it out as
always there's no problem with that just
bail everybody I'll bail out foreign
countries foreign corporations don't
tell your government who you gave the
money to it's all good look at this a
stagnant job market is leaving College
grads with few opportunities to find
high-paying jobs which only increases
the burden of loan debt I've referenced
this before but what about the
advertisement for McDonald's looking for
University College
graduates at $9 an
hour that's that's insane to think about
all that student debt which has been
accumulated this individual went to
school hoping for a good job hoping for
a great job I should say and instead is
working at McDonald's now there's
nothing wrong with working at McDonald's
but you would hope that in a job like
that you wouldn't need to go to school
and accumulate all this debt for what
for
what college graduates aren't getting
much help from the job Market or the
economy average starting salary for
college graduates is
declining in the year 2000 not that long
ago
$54,000 and now
$50,000 a slow and steady decline why
there's various reasons why less actual
good jobs out there you have more people
wanting those jobs and there's simply so
so many people with these type of you
know the education whether it's you know
simple degree or or diplomas or whatever
there's a lot more people that have that
in today's day and age so you know the
old saying you know di dozen this is a
big problem because these jobs are
really
being taken away from people slowly but
surely high paying uh or I would say say
good paying jobs like the manufacturing
has unfortunately gone
overseas I believe this is a big issue
not being discussed quite enough look at
this look into the future according to
the US Department of Education federal
student debt is growing at an annual
rate of 177% that's seven times more
than the current rate of the fake
inflation and it's already long
surpassed the national debt in Greece
showing no signs of slowing down this
chart right here this whole big arrow is
basically showing you the actual debt
accumulation and it's believe it's 3.5
trillion what they're showing
you you see a couple points which end up
on this the total cost of the war in
Iraq and Afghanistan which is not the
real number but it's showing you $1.3
trillion the total GDP of Australia is
1.13 trillion so it's exceeding all of
these things it's a pretty interesting
diagram actually the previous diagram is
a really long one it shows you uh the
infographic actually I should say that
shows you a bunch of different detail if
you're interested in checking that out
by
2030 the student debt will hit 16 wait a
second that is
trillion trillion
16.7 trillion with a t
that's more than the current US national
debt I don't know when this was chart
here was created but
anyway
it's it's insane how is this ever going
to be P paid back and the fact is that
the individuals aren't paying it back it
will be the government that bails it out
uh and this this one hurts this one
really
hurts ah okay here we go in a new sign
that Venezuela's financial crisis is
morphing dangerously into a humanitarian
one a new Nationwide survey shows that
in the past year nearly
75% of the population has lost an
average of 19 pounds for the lack of
food that
is it hurts it hurts me just reading it
and I feel for the poor people who are
suffering and it's not
because this country
Venezuela doesn't have natural
resources doesn't have the potential to
be much much better more
stable
growing but no they're being taken
advantage of I've read that Venezuela
has one of the largest oil Reserves in
the world they should be booming there
should be a way if they can't get it
going themselves to bring in companies
give them a stake in there allow them to
drill I understand that you know there's
some countries definitely get take
advantage of and if you read vulture's
picnic you'll get an idea about that but
something's got to happen there has to
be a way to get that oil to translate
into food for the people I mean there
has to be something I'm not a politician
I'm not you know working for one of
these major corporations but the people
are suffering that's all I know they're
sitting on a whole bunch of oil make it
work make it
happen and I
recently received an
email from an individual in karacus I
hope he's listening hope he's
watching he mentioned this exact thing
and and this right here hits home with
me after reading it from him and I'm
reading it again from this article out
of
Fox as many as
32% eat only once or twice a
day now if you want to eat once a day if
you want to eat twice a day instead of
traditionally a lot of people they eat
three times a day or more
and they want to eat once or twice I
think that's fine if you choose to do
that that is
fine but if you can't eat two or three
times a day simply because you can't
afford it or the food is being
rationed that
hurts
82% of the nation's households live in
poverty
82% this is an epidemic this should be
sounding the alarms all over the place
this isn't a nation that doesn't have
something to give this is an oil rich
country which is being
strangled by in a way you know they have
their own government but also they're
being
attacked by the
vultures all right moving on quickly
this is just the uh radiation which has
been experienced in Europe
huge we're not talking about Fukushima
here I mean there's so many plants
nuclear plants that are spilling out
radiation into the environment we've got
Fukushima to worry about and that's just
one that's just one really bad case
detection of radioactive iodine at Trace
levels in Europe in January 2017 brand
new information and you can see all the
different spots all the different
regions which are feeling it right now
they use their meters they detect it and
they say okay this is
alarming but shut up don't do anything
about it you know it gets reported like
this but then it's not allowed to make
it to the mainstream news you know
that's just the way it
is and then right here robots points to
take over a wide range of military jobs
so don't worry about having to go to
war don't worry about having to do any
of your tasks a robot is going to take
your place and then surely you're going
to get your basic guaranteed income
which basically means that you will be
living under the poverty line but hey
what can you do you'll be living you
know many many people to
one
commune like a co-op housing Cooperative
housing and maybe you want that maybe
you don't but you're not going to really
have a choice that is the future that is
coming it's already making its way
if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up last but not
least if you found the video informative
I know you will find my book The Money
GPS even more informative so you can
actually look through the book just go
over to Amazon because they have a look
inside feature that's going to allow you
to flip through the pages of the book
and see if you like it take care